Create charter.md (#247)
cncf/tag-env-sustainability: working-groups/comms/charter.md

# TAG ENV Working Group Communications Charter
## Motivation
Marketing is as crucial as code to any open source project’s success. Participation in open source projects play a vital role in developing a sustainable ecosystem around a project by marketing the project through their networks. The key is to promote the project first and always remain authentic and true to the open source ethos of openness and transparency.

> This is a proposal to create a Working Group under the CNCF Environmental Sustainability Technical Advisory Group (TAG ENV) to help organize communication and marketing efforts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> # TAG ENV Working Group Communications Charter

Reviewer 2: Should we also have a README-file in this folder that can provide easily accessible summary of what this working group is about, chairs/subchairs overview + contacts? We can then link to it in the WG table on the website in the first column?

Author: @guidemetothemoon @leonardpahlke Yes, agree. But we need the charter to be approved first.

## Motivation
Marketing is as crucial as code to any open source project’s success. Participation in open source projects play a vital role in developing a sustainable ecosystem around a project by marketing the project through their networks. The key is to promote the project first and always remain authentic and true to the open source ethos of openness and transparency.

> This is a proposal to create a Working Group under the CNCF Environmental Sustainability Technical Advisory Group (TAG ENV) to help organize communication and marketing efforts.

Reviewer 2: Since this is official definition of the working group we should remove the part about this being a proposal.

Reviewer: proposed changes: https://github.com/cncf/tag-env-sustainability/pull/247#discussion_r1364530346

> The Marketing Communications Work Group is the marketing communications, public and member relations arm of the TAG. It provides member-neutral contribution, ecosystem development and marketing services, collaborative management, branding and compatibility.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Marketing Communications Working Group has its main focus on the marketing communications, public and member relations of the TAG. It provides member-neutral contribution, ecosystem development and marketing services, collaborative management, branding and compatibility.
```

- Recommend two co-chairs
- Recommend sub chairs for events, content, website and social media

## Roles and Subproject Management
General subproject leadership is handled by the Contributor Comms Subproject Lead(s). Specific subproject responsibilities are also broken down into areas with their own lead roles, as defined here:
- [Contributor Comms Subproject Lead](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/communication/contributor-comms/role-handbooks/Subproject-Lead.md)
- [Social Media Coordinator](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/communication/contributor-comms/role-handbooks/Social-Media.md)
- [Comms Tech Lead](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/communication/contributor-comms/role-handbooks/Comms-Tech-Lead.md)
- [Comms Blog Coordinator](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/communication/contributor-comms/role-handbooks/blog-coordinator.md)

> - Emeritus (previous team members that we had the privilege of working with 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Emeritus (previous team members that we had the privilege of working with) 
```

> General subproject leadership is handled by the Contributor Comms Subproject Lead(s). Specific subproject responsibilities are also broken down into areas with their own lead roles, as defined here:
> - [Contributor Comms Subproject Lead](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/communication/contributor-comms/role-handbooks/Subproject-Lead.md)
> - [Social Media Coordinator](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/communication/contributor-comms/role-handbooks/Social-Media.md)
> - [Comms Tech Lead](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/communication/contributor-comms/role-handbooks/Comms-Tech-Lead.md)
> - [Comms Blog Coordinator](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/communication/contributor-comms/role-handbooks/blog-coordinator.md)
> - Emeritus (previous team members that we had the privilege of working with 
> 
> All roles can have multiple shadows and should have at least one shadow. All leads should actively recruit members and shadows for the entire team.
> 
> Roles are flexible and subject to change.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: In the comment above I recommended listing subteams with a one sentence description. Further operation details of the team has to be defined in handbooks. (`workinggroups/comms/handbooks/***`)

## Operation
- The WG will meet weekly for a half hour.

> - Recommend two co-chairs

Reviewer 2: Since yourself and Tricia are appointed as co-chairs, should this be included in the charter as well?
